docs(sn_client): Basic documentation (#1946)
maidsafe/safe_network: sn_client/README.md

let client = Client::new(signer, peers, req_response_timeout, custom_concurrency_limit).await?;
```

## Running Tests

Prerequisites:

> * A network running. Could be local. Refer to `safe_network/README.md` to run a local test network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A network running. Could be local. Refer to [the root `/README.md`](../README.md#using-a-local-network) to run a local test network.
```

Reviewer: @mazzi updated the suggestion

> * `SAFE_PEERS` environment variable or running the tests with --feature=local-discovery

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `SAFE_PEERS` environment variable or running the tests with `--feature=local-discovery`:
```

```bash
$ cargo test --package sn_client --release --tests --features=local-discovery
```

## Create docs

```bash
$ cargo doc --package sn_client
```

> 

Reviewer: I think we can leave this out. Rust crates will usually have a `docs.rs` icon somewhere in the top of the README.
